# DB API
The documentation for each API request is autogenerated and kept up-to-date.
To modify this documentation see [README](DB/API/doc/README.md).

Each request has a specified url using base url which not yet specified.

## Read
Here are the requests for reading the data stored in the database.
<details open><blockquote>

### Objects
These requests provide access to the information about all possible objects,
e.g. sensors, rooms and buildings. 
<!---read_objects-->

### Sensor Logs
These requests provide access to all stored logs measured by sensors.
<!---read_senslogs-->

### Control Logs
Using these requests allows seeing which control requests were used
by whom and when.  
<!---read_ctrllogs-->

</blockquote></details>

## Control
Here are the requests which are able to modify the behaviour or
the description of hardware components.

The usage of these requests will be logged.

Only users with higher privilege will be allowed to use these. 
<details open><blockquote>

### Update object info
These requests allow changing some of the objects properties,
such as names and desriptions.
<!---control_update-->

### Remove objects
These requests allow removing abjects from the database.

Use of these requests are restricted only to users with the highest privilege.
<!---control_remove-->

### Sampling control
These requests allow changing the sensor's sampling frequency.
<!---control_sampling-->

### Controllers
These requests allow to control actions of some of the hardware components.
<!---control_controllers-->

</blockquote></details>

## Write
Here are the requests to save new data into the database.
<details open><blockquote>

### Add new objects
These requests allow to add new objects into the database,
e.g. new buildings, rooms and sensors.
<!---write_add-->

### Log data
These requests are for measured values into the database.
<!---write_log-->

</blockquote></details>

## Authentication
Since the database API does not have any GUI,
requests to create new users with different levels of privilege
will have to be provided.

<details open><blockquote>
To be clarified together with the FE team.
</blockquote></details>
